tasks/extract-index-image/README.md, before:

# extract-index-image

Extract the index image fields from the inputDataFile

The inputDataFile is a result from another task which includes the workspace name in it. Thus,
the workspace name for this task *must* be input.

## Parameters

| Name           | Description                                     | Optional | Default value |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------|
| inputDataFile  | File to read json data from                     | No       | -             |
| resultsDirPath | Path to results directory in the data workspace | No       | -             |

## Changes in 1.1.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 1.0.0
* The task now writes the index_image and index_image_resolved values to a results json file in the workspace

## Changes in 0.4.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 0.2.0
* Updated hacbs-release/release-utils image to reference redhat-appstudio/release-service-utils image instead

## Changes in 0.1
* update Tekton API to v1

Commit message:

fix(RELEASE-1071): linting issues in extract-index-image (#740)
Signed-off-by: Johnny Bieren <jbieren@redhat.com>

tasks/extract-index-image/README.md, after:

# extract-index-image

Extract the index image fields from the inputDataFile

The inputDataFile is a result from another task which includes the workspace name in it. Thus,
the workspace name for this task *must* be input.

## Parameters

| Name           | Description                                     | Optional | Default value |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------|
| inputDataFile  | File to read json data from                     | No       | -             |
| resultsDirPath | Path to results directory in the data workspace | No       | -             |

## Changes in 1.1.1
* Fix shellcheck/checkton linting issues in the task and tests

## Changes in 1.1.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 1.0.0
* The task now writes the index_image and index_image_resolved values to a results json file in the workspace

## Changes in 0.4.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 0.2.0
* Updated hacbs-release/release-utils image to reference redhat-appstudio/release-service-utils image instead

## Changes in 0.1
* update Tekton API to v1
