pipelines/rh-advisories/README.md, before:

# rh-advisories pipeline

Tekton pipeline to release content to registry.redhat.io registry and create an advisory.
This is a copy of v3.0.0 of the rh-push-to-registry-redhat-io pipeline, but with the advisory
tasks added in. The plan is for this pipeline to eventually be deleted and take the place of
the rh-push-to-registry-redhat-io pipeline.

## Parameters

| Name                            | Description                                                                                                                        | Optional | Default value                                             |
|---------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| release                         | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the Release custom resource initiating this pipeline execution                             | No       | -                                                         |
| releasePlan                     | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlan                                                                            | No       | -                                                         |
| releasePlanAdmission            | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlanAdmission                                                                   | No       | -                                                         |
| releaseServiceConfig            | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releaseServiceConfig                                                                   | No       | -                                                         |
| snapshot                        | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the snapshot                                                                               | No       | -                                                         |
| enterpriseContractPolicy        | JSON representation of the policy to be applied when validating the enterprise contract                                            | No       | -                                                         |
| enterpriseContractExtraRuleData | Extra rule data to be merged into the policy specified in params.enterpriseContractPolicy. Use syntax "key1=value1,key2=value2..." | Yes      | pipeline_intention=release                                |
| enterpriseContractTimeout       | Timeout setting for `ec validate`                                                                                                  | Yes      | 90m0s                                                     |
| enterpriseContractWorkerCount   | Number of parallel workers to use for policy evaluation.                                                                           | Yes      | 4                                                         |
| postCleanUp                     | Cleans up workspace after finishing executing the pipeline                                                                         | Yes      | true                                                      |
| verify_ec_task_bundle           | The location of the bundle containing the verify-enterprise-contract task                                                          | No       | -                                                         |
| taskGitUrl                      | The url to the git repo where the release-service-catalog tasks to be used are stored                                              | Yes      | https://github.com/konflux-ci/release-service-catalog.git |
| taskGitRevision                 | The revision in the taskGitUrl repo to be used                                                                                     | No       | -                                                         |

## Changes in 1.5.0
* Only sign `registry.access*` references if required
  * Task `publish-pyxis-repository` has a new `signRegistryAccessPath` result that is passed
    to tasks `rh-sign-image` and `rh-sign-image-cosign`. It points to a file that contains a list of repositories
    for which we also need to sign `registry.access*` references. We will skip those by default.
  * Some task reordering was required for this:
    * We run `rh-sign-image` before `push-snapshot` because it's less reliable. We want to keep this.
    * `publish-pyxis-repository` was run towards the end, but now it needs to run early on,
      because`rh-sign-image` needs its result.

## Changes in 1.4.0
* Increase timeout for rh-sign-image task to be 6 hrs
* Add new mandatory parameter value for releasePlanAdmissionPath for rh-sign-image task
* Add new parameter values for taskGit* parameters.
* Introduce new optional parameter `enterpriseContractWorkerCount` to increase performance of ec verify task

## Changes in 1.3.2
* Add retries for some tasks

## Changes in 1.3.1
* Increase timeout for signing IRs from 20 to 30 min
  * We got reports from users that they repeatedly see timeouts here

## Changes in 1.3.0
* Add new reduce-snapshot task

## Changes in 1.2.0
* The `push-rpm-manifest-to-pyxis` task is renamed to `push-rpm-data-to-pyxis`

## Changes in 1.1.0
* The `publish-pyxis-repository` now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from the `collect-data` results

## Changes in 1.0.1
* Increase `rh-sign-image` timeout from 600s to 1200s as we have seen reports
  of it timing out while waiting for internalRequests to complete.

## Changes in 1.0.0
* Drop the `enterpriseContractPublicKey` param. The verify task will take the value from the policy.

## Changes in 0.14.0
* Add `requireInternalServices` parameter to the 'verify-access-to-resources' task.

## Changes in 0.13.3
* Bugfix: block pipeline progress on the verify-enterprise-contract.

## Changes in 0.13.2
* Increase `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter default value.

## Changes in 0.13.1
* Add `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter.

## Changes in 0.13.0
* Add tasks `collect-cosign-params` and `rh-sign-image-cosign` to sign images by cosign. `rh-sign-image-cosign` is only run if sign.cosignSecretName is set in the data file.

## Changes in 0.12.0
* Removed `verify-access-to-resources` script and replaced it with a task

## Changes in 0.11.1
* The `embargo-check` task runs before the `push-snapshot` task so that embargoed content is not pushed anywhere

## Changes in 0.11.0
* The `rh-sign-image` task no longer receives the `commonTags` parameter
* The `populate-release-notes-images` task no longer receives the `commonTags` parameter
* The `create-pyxis-image` task no longer receives the `commonTags` nor `dataPath` parameter

## Changes in 0.10.0
* The `push-snapshot` task now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from the `collect-data` results

## Changes in 0.9.0
* Add the task `update-cr-status` at the end of the pipeline to save all pipeline results

## Changes in 0.8.0
* The create-advisory task now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from the collect-data results

## Changes in 0.7.1
* The when conditions that skipped tasks if the `push-snapshot` result `commonTags` was empty was removed
  * This is due to the migration to the new tag format. A similar when will be readded with RELEASE-932

## Changes in 0.7.0
* The apply-mapping task now gets the dataPath parameter instead of releasePlanAdmissionPath

## Changes in 0.6.0
* `enterpriseContractExtraRuleData` added as a pipeline parameter, which is
  then passed to EC. Allows for easier runtime changes to rule data.

## Changes in 0.5.1
* The RADAS timeout when it fails to receive a response is 5 mins.
  We double the requestTimeout in the rh-sign-image task to allow
  RADAS to retry its request.

## Changes in 0.5.0
* Add new task `push-rpm-manifests-to-pyxis` to run after `create-pyxis-image`

## Changes in 0.4.0
* update the taskGitUrl default value due to migration
  to konflux-ci GitHub org

## Changes in 0.3.1
* Added `when` clause to `push-snapshot` task in the pipeline
  to ensure it only executes when
  the `apply-mapping` task indicates that mapping was successful.

## Changes in 0.3.0
* Add task `embargo-check` to end execution early if any passed issues or CVEs are embargoed.

## Changes in 0.2.2
* Added a `when` clause to the following tasks
  `create-advisory`, and `check-data-keys`
  to ensure they only execute when the `push-snapshot`
  task result indicates that `commonTags` is not an empty string

## Changes in 0.2.1
* Added a `when` clause to the following tasks
  `rh-sign-image`,
  `populate-release-notes-images`,
  `create-pyxis-image`,
  `collect-pyxis-params` and
  `run-file-updates`
  to ensure they only execute when the `push-snapshot`
  task result indicates that `commonTags` is not an empty string

## Changes in 0.2.0
* Remove push-sbom-to-pyxis. It has been replaced by manifest-box.

Commit message:

fix(RELEASE-1268): publish-pyxis-repository after apply-mapping (#648)
This commit changes the rh-advisories and rh-push-to-registry-redhat-io
pipelines to only execute the publish-pyxis-repository task after the
apply-mapping task has completed. The publish-pyxis-repository task
depends on the repository value that apply-mapping adds, so prior to
this commit we had a race condition.

Signed-off-by: Johnny Bieren <jbieren@redhat.com>

pipelines/rh-advisories/README.md, after:

# rh-advisories pipeline

Tekton pipeline to release content to registry.redhat.io registry and create an advisory.
This is a copy of v3.0.0 of the rh-push-to-registry-redhat-io pipeline, but with the advisory
tasks added in. The plan is for this pipeline to eventually be deleted and take the place of
the rh-push-to-registry-redhat-io pipeline.

## Parameters

| Name                            | Description                                                                                                                        | Optional | Default value                                             |
|---------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| release                         | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the Release custom resource initiating this pipeline execution                             | No       | -                                                         |
| releasePlan                     | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlan                                                                            | No       | -                                                         |
| releasePlanAdmission            | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlanAdmission                                                                   | No       | -                                                         |
| releaseServiceConfig            | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releaseServiceConfig                                                                   | No       | -                                                         |
| snapshot                        | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the snapshot                                                                               | No       | -                                                         |
| enterpriseContractPolicy        | JSON representation of the policy to be applied when validating the enterprise contract                                            | No       | -                                                         |
| enterpriseContractExtraRuleData | Extra rule data to be merged into the policy specified in params.enterpriseContractPolicy. Use syntax "key1=value1,key2=value2..." | Yes      | pipeline_intention=release                                |
| enterpriseContractTimeout       | Timeout setting for `ec validate`                                                                                                  | Yes      | 90m0s                                                     |
| enterpriseContractWorkerCount   | Number of parallel workers to use for policy evaluation.                                                                           | Yes      | 4                                                         |
| postCleanUp                     | Cleans up workspace after finishing executing the pipeline                                                                         | Yes      | true                                                      |
| verify_ec_task_bundle           | The location of the bundle containing the verify-enterprise-contract task                                                          | No       | -                                                         |
| taskGitUrl                      | The url to the git repo where the release-service-catalog tasks to be used are stored                                              | Yes      | https://github.com/konflux-ci/release-service-catalog.git |
| taskGitRevision                 | The revision in the taskGitUrl repo to be used                                                                                     | No       | -                                                         |

## Changes in 1.5.1
* Task `publish-pyxis-repository` should only run after `apply-mapping` has completed as it depends on the `repository`
  value

## Changes in 1.5.0
* Only sign `registry.access*` references if required
  * Task `publish-pyxis-repository` has a new `signRegistryAccessPath` result that is passed
    to tasks `rh-sign-image` and `rh-sign-image-cosign`. It points to a file that contains a list of repositories
    for which we also need to sign `registry.access*` references. We will skip those by default.
  * Some task reordering was required for this:
    * We run `rh-sign-image` before `push-snapshot` because it's less reliable. We want to keep this.
    * `publish-pyxis-repository` was run towards the end, but now it needs to run early on,
      because`rh-sign-image` needs its result.

## Changes in 1.4.0
* Increase timeout for rh-sign-image task to be 6 hrs
* Add new mandatory parameter value for releasePlanAdmissionPath for rh-sign-image task
* Add new parameter values for taskGit* parameters.
* Introduce new optional parameter `enterpriseContractWorkerCount` to increase performance of ec verify task

## Changes in 1.3.2
* Add retries for some tasks

## Changes in 1.3.1
* Increase timeout for signing IRs from 20 to 30 min
  * We got reports from users that they repeatedly see timeouts here

## Changes in 1.3.0
* Add new reduce-snapshot task

## Changes in 1.2.0
* The `push-rpm-manifest-to-pyxis` task is renamed to `push-rpm-data-to-pyxis`

## Changes in 1.1.0
* The `publish-pyxis-repository` now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from the `collect-data` results

## Changes in 1.0.1
* Increase `rh-sign-image` timeout from 600s to 1200s as we have seen reports
  of it timing out while waiting for internalRequests to complete.

## Changes in 1.0.0
* Drop the `enterpriseContractPublicKey` param. The verify task will take the value from the policy.

## Changes in 0.14.0
* Add `requireInternalServices` parameter to the 'verify-access-to-resources' task.

## Changes in 0.13.3
* Bugfix: block pipeline progress on the verify-enterprise-contract.

## Changes in 0.13.2
* Increase `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter default value.

## Changes in 0.13.1
* Add `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter.

## Changes in 0.13.0
* Add tasks `collect-cosign-params` and `rh-sign-image-cosign` to sign images by cosign. `rh-sign-image-cosign` is only run if sign.cosignSecretName is set in the data file.

## Changes in 0.12.0
* Removed `verify-access-to-resources` script and replaced it with a task

## Changes in 0.11.1
* The `embargo-check` task runs before the `push-snapshot` task so that embargoed content is not pushed anywhere

## Changes in 0.11.0
* The `rh-sign-image` task no longer receives the `commonTags` parameter
* The `populate-release-notes-images` task no longer receives the `commonTags` parameter
* The `create-pyxis-image` task no longer receives the `commonTags` nor `dataPath` parameter

## Changes in 0.10.0
* The `push-snapshot` task now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from the `collect-data` results

## Changes in 0.9.0
* Add the task `update-cr-status` at the end of the pipeline to save all pipeline results

## Changes in 0.8.0
* The create-advisory task now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from the collect-data results

## Changes in 0.7.1
* The when conditions that skipped tasks if the `push-snapshot` result `commonTags` was empty was removed
  * This is due to the migration to the new tag format. A similar when will be readded with RELEASE-932

## Changes in 0.7.0
* The apply-mapping task now gets the dataPath parameter instead of releasePlanAdmissionPath

## Changes in 0.6.0
* `enterpriseContractExtraRuleData` added as a pipeline parameter, which is
  then passed to EC. Allows for easier runtime changes to rule data.

## Changes in 0.5.1
* The RADAS timeout when it fails to receive a response is 5 mins.
  We double the requestTimeout in the rh-sign-image task to allow
  RADAS to retry its request.

## Changes in 0.5.0
* Add new task `push-rpm-manifests-to-pyxis` to run after `create-pyxis-image`

## Changes in 0.4.0
* update the taskGitUrl default value due to migration
  to konflux-ci GitHub org

## Changes in 0.3.1
* Added `when` clause to `push-snapshot` task in the pipeline
  to ensure it only executes when
  the `apply-mapping` task indicates that mapping was successful.

## Changes in 0.3.0
* Add task `embargo-check` to end execution early if any passed issues or CVEs are embargoed.

## Changes in 0.2.2
* Added a `when` clause to the following tasks
  `create-advisory`, and `check-data-keys`
  to ensure they only execute when the `push-snapshot`
  task result indicates that `commonTags` is not an empty string

## Changes in 0.2.1
* Added a `when` clause to the following tasks
  `rh-sign-image`,
  `populate-release-notes-images`,
  `create-pyxis-image`,
  `collect-pyxis-params` and
  `run-file-updates`
  to ensure they only execute when the `push-snapshot`
  task result indicates that `commonTags` is not an empty string

## Changes in 0.2.0
* Remove push-sbom-to-pyxis. It has been replaced by manifest-box.
