tasks/request-and-upload-signature/README.md, before:

# request-and-upload-signature

Task to request and upload signatures using RADAS and pyxis

## Parameters

| Name                 | Description                                                                                           | Optional | Default value                                         |
|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| pipeline_image       | An image with CLI tools needed for the signing.                                                       | Yes      | quay.io/redhat-isv/operator-pipelines-images:released |
| manifest_digest      | Manifest digest for the signed content, usually in the format sha256:xxx                              | No       | -                                                     |
| reference            | Docker reference for the signed content, e.g. registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.9 | No       | -                                                     |
| requester            | Name of the user that requested the signing, for auditing purposes                                    | No       | -                                                     |
| sig_key_id           | The signing key id that the content is signed with                                                    | Yes      | 4096R/55A34A82 SHA-256                                |
| sig_key_name         | The signing key name that the content is signed with                                                  | Yes      | containerisvsign                                      |
| ssl_cert_secret_name | Kubernetes secret name that contains the umb SSL files                                                | No       | -                                                     |
| ssl_cert_file_name   | The key within the Kubernetes secret that contains the umb SSL cert.                                  | No       | -                                                     |
| ssl_key_file_name    | The key within the Kubernetes secret that contains the umb SSL key.                                   | No       | -                                                     |
| umb_client_name      | Client name to connect to umb, usually a service account name                                         | Yes      | operatorpipelines                                     |
| umb_listen_topic     | umb topic to listen to for responses with signed content                                              | Yes      | VirtualTopic.eng.robosignatory.isv.sign               |
| umb_publish_topic    | umb topic to publish to for requesting signing                                                        | Yes      | VirtualTopic.eng.operatorpipelines.isv.sign           |
| umb_url              | umb host to connect to for messaging                                                                  | Yes      | umb.api.redhat.com                                    |
| pyxis_url            | Pyxis instance to upload the signature to.                                                            | Yes      | https://pyxis.engineering.redhat.com                  |
| signature_data_file  | The file where the signing response should be placed                                                  | Yes      | signing_response.json                                 |

Commit message:

feat(RELEASE-1191): differentiate pyxis and umb in signing (#729)
This commit modifies the tasks used in `simple-signing-pipeline` to
separate credentials for Pyxis and UMB authentication. Prior to this
commit, both were pulled from the same configMap values so it was
impossible to use stage for one system and prod for the other.

Signed-off-by: Johnny Bieren <jbieren@redhat.com>

tasks/request-and-upload-signature/README.md, after:

# request-and-upload-signature

Task to request and upload signatures using RADAS and pyxis

## Parameters

| Name                       | Description                                                                                           | Optional | Default value                                         |
|----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| pipeline_image             | An image with CLI tools needed for the signing.                                                       | Yes      | quay.io/redhat-isv/operator-pipelines-images:released |
| manifest_digest            | Manifest digest for the signed content, usually in the format sha256:xxx                              | No       | -                                                     |
| reference                  | Docker reference for the signed content, e.g. registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.9 | No       | -                                                     |
| requester                  | Name of the user that requested the signing, for auditing purposes                                    | No       | -                                                     |
| sig_key_id                 | The signing key id that the content is signed with                                                    | Yes      | 4096R/55A34A82 SHA-256                                |
| sig_key_name               | The signing key name that the content is signed with                                                  | Yes      | containerisvsign                                      |
| pyxis_ssl_cert_secret_name | Kubernetes secret name that contains the Pyxis SSL files                                              | No       | -                                                     |
| pyxis_ssl_cert_file_name   | The key within the Kubernetes secret that contains the Pyxis SSL cert.                                | No       | -                                                     |
| pyxis_ssl_key_file_name    | The key within the Kubernetes secret that contains the Pyxis SSL key.                                 | No       | -                                                     |
| umb_client_name            | Client name to connect to umb, usually a service account name                                         | Yes      | operatorpipelines                                     |
| umb_listen_topic           | umb topic to listen to for responses with signed content                                              | Yes      | VirtualTopic.eng.robosignatory.isv.sign               |
| umb_publish_topic          | umb topic to publish to for requesting signing                                                        | Yes      | VirtualTopic.eng.operatorpipelines.isv.sign           |
| umb_url                    | umb host to connect to for messaging                                                                  | Yes      | umb.api.redhat.com                                    |
| umb_ssl_cert_secret_name   | Kubernetes secret name that contains the umb SSL files                                                | No       | -                                                     |
| umb_ssl_cert_file_name     | The key within the Kubernetes secret that contains the umb SSL cert.                                  | No       | -                                                     |
| umb_ssl_key_file_name      | The key within the Kubernetes secret that contains the umb SSL key.                                   | No       | -                                                     |
| pyxis_url                  | Pyxis instance to upload the signature to.                                                            | Yes      | https://pyxis.engineering.redhat.com                  |
| signature_data_file        | The file where the signing response should be placed                                                  | Yes      | signing_response.json                                 |

## Changes in 1.0.0
  * Replaced `ssl_cert_secret_name`, `ssl_cert_file_name` and `ssl_key_file_name` parameters with Pyxis and UMB
    specific ones
    * This allows us to use the stage version of one system with the prod version of the other
