tasks/run-file-updates/README.md, before:

# run-file-udpates

Tekton task to create InternalRequests for each repository that needs to be updated. This information is extracted from
the field `spec.data.fileUpdates` in the ReleasePlanAdmission resource.

## Parameters

| Name            | Description                                                                               | Optional | Default value            |
|-----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|--------------------------|
| jsonKey         | JSON key where the information is defined                                                 | Yes      | .spec.data.fileUpdates[] |
| fileUpdatesPath | Path to the JSON file containing the key                                                  | No       | -                        |
| snapshotPath    | Path to the JSON string of the Snapshot spec in the data workspace                        | No       | -                        |
| request         | Type of request to be created                                                             | Yes      | file-updates             |
| synchronously   | Whether the task should wait for InternalRequests to complete                             | Yes      | true                     |
| pipelineRunUid  | The uid of the current pipelineRun. Used as a label value when creating internal requests | No       | -                        |

## Changes in 1.3.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 1.2.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 1.1.0
* remove `snapshotPath` default value

## Changes in 1.0.0
* The internalrequest CRs are created with a label specifying the pipelinerun uid with the new pipelineRunUid parameter
  * This change comes with a bump in the image used for the task

## Changes in 0.5.0
* Updated hacbs-release/release-utils image to reference redhat-appstudio/release-service-utils image instead

## Changes in 0.4.1
* jsonKey default changed to .spec.data.fileUpdates{} due to API changes

## Changes in 0.3
* update Tekton API to v1

## Changes in 0.2
* application name from snapshot is now provided to update-paths

## Changes in 0.1
* adds parameter `snapshotPath`.
* calls `update-paths` script to run the `{{ }}` enclosed yq updates set in the `paths` key
  of the defined `fileUpdatesPath` file.

Commit message:

feat(RELEASE-1283): addons flow (#682)
- created new addons pipeline - push-to-addons-registry
- run-file-updates task now has a configurable secret name to be
  passed to IRs
- merge-requests created by file-updates now get added to
  release CR status
- updated unit tests for file-updates
- new mandatory parameter resultsDirPath added to run-file-updates task
  used in pipelines
- added ability to obtain the internal request pipelinerun and taskrun
  information

Signed-off-by: Scott Hebert <scoheb@gmail.com>

tasks/run-file-updates/README.md, after:

# run-file-udpates

Tekton task to create InternalRequests for each repository that needs to be updated. This information is extracted from
the field `spec.data.fileUpdates` in the ReleasePlanAdmission resource.

## Parameters

| Name               | Description                                                                               | Optional | Default value            |
|--------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|--------------------------|
| jsonKey            | JSON key where the information is defined                                                 | Yes      | .spec.data.fileUpdates[] |
| fileUpdatesPath    | Path to the JSON file containing the key                                                  | No       | -                        |
| snapshotPath       | Path to the JSON string of the Snapshot spec in the data workspace                        | No       | -                        |
| request            | Type of request to be created                                                             | Yes      | file-updates             |
| synchronously      | Whether the task should wait for InternalRequests to complete                             | Yes      | true                     |
| pipelineRunUid     | The uid of the current pipelineRun. Used as a label value when creating internal requests | No       | -                        |
| resultsDirPath     | Path to results directory in the data workspace                                           | No       | -                        |


## Changes in 2.0.0
* new mandatory parameter resultsDirPath added
* the task now supplies created merge requests to update Release CR status task.
* the task can use a secret name supplied in the data section which will be passed
  to the internal request.
* The internal request default name was updated
* Fix linting issues and added additional test
* internalRequestPipelineRunName and internalRequestTaskRunName is now logged to help
  with debugging

## Changes in 1.3.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 1.2.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 1.1.0
* remove `snapshotPath` default value

## Changes in 1.0.0
* The internalrequest CRs are created with a label specifying the pipelinerun uid with the new pipelineRunUid parameter
  * This change comes with a bump in the image used for the task

## Changes in 0.5.0
* Updated hacbs-release/release-utils image to reference redhat-appstudio/release-service-utils image instead

## Changes in 0.4.1
* jsonKey default changed to .spec.data.fileUpdates{} due to API changes

## Changes in 0.3
* update Tekton API to v1

## Changes in 0.2
* application name from snapshot is now provided to update-paths

## Changes in 0.1
* adds parameter `snapshotPath`.
* calls `update-paths` script to run the `{{ }}` enclosed yq updates set in the `paths` key
  of the defined `fileUpdatesPath` file.
