pipelines/rh-push-to-registry-redhat-io/README.md, before:

# rh-push-to-registry-redhat-io pipeline

Tekton pipeline to release content to registry.redhat.io registry.

## Parameters

| Name                            | Description                                                                                                                        | Optional | Default value                                             |
|---------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| release                         | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the Release custom resource initiating this pipeline execution                             | No       | -                                                         |
| releasePlan                     | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlan                                                                            | No       | -                                                         |
| releasePlanAdmission            | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlanAdmission                                                                   | No       | -                                                         |
| releaseServiceConfig            | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releaseServiceConfig                                                                   | No       | -                                                         |
| snapshot                        | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the snapshot                                                                               | No       | -                                                         |
| enterpriseContractPolicy        | JSON representation of the policy to be applied when validating the enterprise contract                                            | No       | -                                                         |
| enterpriseContractExtraRuleData | Extra rule data to be merged into the policy specified in params.enterpriseContractPolicy. Use syntax "key1=value1,key2=value2..." | Yes      | pipeline_intention=release                                |
| enterpriseContractTimeout       | Timeout setting for `ec validate`                                                                                                  | Yes      | 90m0s                                                     |
| enterpriseContractWorkerCount   | Number of parallel workers to use for policy evaluation.                                                                           | Yes      | 4                                                         |
| postCleanUp                     | Cleans up workspace after finishing executing the pipeline                                                                         | Yes      | true                                                      |
| verify_ec_task_bundle           | The location of the bundle containing the verify-enterprise-contract task                                                          | No       | -                                                         |
| taskGitUrl                      | The url to the git repo where the release-service-catalog tasks to be used are stored                                              | Yes      | https://github.com/konflux-ci/release-service-catalog.git |
| taskGitRevision                 | The revision in the taskGitUrl repo to be used                                                                                     | No       | -                                                         |

## Changes in 4.5.0
* Only sign `registry.access*` references if required
  * Task `publish-pyxis-repository` has a new `signRegistryAccessPath` result that is passed
    to tasks `rh-sign-image` and `rh-sign-image-cosign`. It points to a file that contains a list of repositories
    for which we also need to sign `registry.access*` references. We will skip those by default.
  * Some task reordering was required for this:
    * We run `rh-sign-image` before `push-snapshot` because it's less reliable. We want to keep this.
    * `publish-pyxis-repository` was run towards the end, but now it needs to run early on,
      because`rh-sign-image` needs its result.

## Changes in 4.4.0
* Increase timeout for rh-sign-image task to be 6 hrs
* Add new mandatory parameter value for releasePlanAdmissionPath for rh-sign-image task
* Add new parameter values for taskGit* parameters.
* Introduce new optional parameter `enterpriseContractWorkerCount` to increase performance of ec verify task

## Changes in 4.3.2
* Add retries for some tasks

## Changes in 4.3.1
* Increase timeout for signing IRs from 20 to 30 min
  * We got reports from users that they repeatedly see timeouts here

## Changes in 4.3.0
* Add new reduce-snapshot task

## Changes in 4.2.0
* The `push-rpm-manifest-to-pyxis` task is renamed to `push-rpm-data-to-pyxis`

## Changes in 4.1.0
* The `publish-pyxis-repository` now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from the `collect-data` results

## Changes in 4.0.1
* Increase `rh-sign-image` timeout from 600s to 1200s as we have seen reports
  of it timing out while waiting for internalRequests to complete.

## Changes in 4.0.0
* Drop the `enterpriseContractPublicKey` param. The verify task will take the value from the policy.

## Changes in 3.11.0
* Add `requireInternalServices` parameter to the 'verify-access-to-resources' task.

## Changes in 3.10.2
* Increase `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter default value.

## Changes in 3.10.1
* Add `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter.

## Changes in 3.10.0
* Add tasks `collect-cosign-params` and `rh-sign-image-cosign` to sign images by cosign. `rh-sign-image-cosign` is only run if sign.cosignSecretName is set in the data file.

## Changes in 3.9.0
* Removed `verify-access-to-resources` script and replaced it with a task.

## Changes in 3.8.0
* The `rh-sign-image` task no longer receives the `commonTags` parameter
* The `create-pyxis-image` task no longer receives the `commonTags` nor `dataPath` parameter

## Changes in 3.7.0
* The `push-snapshot` task now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from `collect-data` results

## Changes in 3.6.0
* Add the task `update-cr-status` at the end of the pipeline to save all pipeline results

## Changes in 3.5.1
* The when conditions that skipped tasks if the `push-snapshot` result `commonTags` was empty was removed
  * This is due to the migration to the new tag format. A similar when will be readded with RELEASE-932

## Changes in 3.5.0
* The apply-mapping task now gets the dataPath parameter instead of releasePlanAdmissionPath

## Changes in 3.4.0
* `enterpriseContractExtraRuleData` added as a pipeline parameter, which is
  then passed to EC. Allows for easier runtime changes to rule data.

## Changes in 3.3.1
* The RADAS timeout when it fails to receive a response is 5 mins.
  We double the requestTimeout in the rh-sign-image task to allow
  RADAS to retry its request.

## Changes in 3.3.0
* Add new task `push-rpm-manifests-to-pyxis` to run after `create-pyxis-image`

## Changes in 3.2.0
* Update the taskGitUrl default value due to migration
  to konflux-ci GitHub org

## Changes in 3.1.2
* Added `when` clause to `push-snapshot` task in the pipeline
  to ensure it only executes when the `apply-mapping` task
  indicates that mapping was successful.

## Changes in 3.1.1
* Added a `when` clause to the following tasks
  `rh-sign-image`,
  `create-pyxis-image`
  `collect-pyxis-params` and
  `run-file-updates`
  to ensure they only execute when the `push-snapshot`
  task result indicates that `commonTags` is not an empty string

## Changes in 3.1.0
* Remove push-sbom-to-pyxis. It has been replaced by manifest-box.

## Changes in 3.0.0
* releaseServiceConfig added as a pipeline parameter that is passed to the collect-data task

## Changes in 2.0.0
* Parameters supplied by the Release Service operator now use camelCase format

## Changes in 1.9.0
* Modified the pipeline to dynamically source the `data.json`, `snapshot_spec.json` and
  `release_plan_admission.json` files from the results of the `collect-data` task.

## Changes in 1.8.1
* Tasks that interact with InternalRequests now have a pipelineRunUid parameter added to them to help with cleanup

## Changes in 1.8.0
* taskGitRevision no longer has a default. It will be provided by the operator and will always have the same value as
  the git revision in the PipelineRef definition of the PipelineRun if using a git resolver. See RHTAPREL-790 for details

## Changes in 1.7.0
* taskGitUrl parameter is added. It is used to provide the git repo for the release-service-catalog tasks
* taskGitRevision parameter is added. It is used to provide the revision to be used in the taskGitUrl repo

## Changes in 1.6.0
* The publish-pyxis-repository task now has a dataPath parameter. It is used to set
  source_container_image_enabled if `pushSourceContainer` is present in the data `images` key
  and set to true

## Changes in 1.4.2
* Move from commonTag to commonTags
  * The result of push-snapshot was renamed to commonTags and now it contains both the fixed and floating
    tags, e.g. tagprefix-timestamp and tagprefix. The consuming tasks (rh-sign-image and create-pyxis-image)
    were also modified to take advantage of this

## Changes in 1.4.0
* The parameter `pushSourceContainer` in the `push-snapshot` task
  was not added correctly in the previous version, the new version
  fixes the issue.

## Changes in 1.3.0
* add parameter `pushSourceContainer` to `push-snapshot`, this will
  enable push of the source container image and fail the pipeline if the
  image is not available.

## Changes in 1.2.0
* Set rhPush and commonTag when calling create-pyxis-image task
* Add publish-pyxis-repository task

## Changes in 1.1.1
* Add tasks extract-requester-from-release and rh-sign-image so the pipeline can sign
  component images using the requester username

## Changes in 1.1.0
* Pass path to ReleasePlanAdmission to the apply-mapping task

## Changes in 1.0.0
* Switch back to using bundle resolvers for the verify-enterprise-contract task

## Changes in 0.1.0
* Removed tagPrefix, timestampFormat, tag, addGitShaTag, addSourceShaTag, addTimestampTag parameters
  * These are now provided in the data json that is collected in the collect-data task

Commit message:

fix(RELEASE-1268): publish-pyxis-repository after apply-mapping (#648)
This commit changes the rh-advisories and rh-push-to-registry-redhat-io
pipelines to only execute the publish-pyxis-repository task after the
apply-mapping task has completed. The publish-pyxis-repository task
depends on the repository value that apply-mapping adds, so prior to
this commit we had a race condition.

Signed-off-by: Johnny Bieren <jbieren@redhat.com>

pipelines/rh-push-to-registry-redhat-io/README.md, after:

# rh-push-to-registry-redhat-io pipeline

Tekton pipeline to release content to registry.redhat.io registry.

## Parameters

| Name                            | Description                                                                                                                        | Optional | Default value                                             |
|---------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| release                         | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the Release custom resource initiating this pipeline execution                             | No       | -                                                         |
| releasePlan                     | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlan                                                                            | No       | -                                                         |
| releasePlanAdmission            | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlanAdmission                                                                   | No       | -                                                         |
| releaseServiceConfig            | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releaseServiceConfig                                                                   | No       | -                                                         |
| snapshot                        | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the snapshot                                                                               | No       | -                                                         |
| enterpriseContractPolicy        | JSON representation of the policy to be applied when validating the enterprise contract                                            | No       | -                                                         |
| enterpriseContractExtraRuleData | Extra rule data to be merged into the policy specified in params.enterpriseContractPolicy. Use syntax "key1=value1,key2=value2..." | Yes      | pipeline_intention=release                                |
| enterpriseContractTimeout       | Timeout setting for `ec validate`                                                                                                  | Yes      | 90m0s                                                     |
| enterpriseContractWorkerCount   | Number of parallel workers to use for policy evaluation.                                                                           | Yes      | 4                                                         |
| postCleanUp                     | Cleans up workspace after finishing executing the pipeline                                                                         | Yes      | true                                                      |
| verify_ec_task_bundle           | The location of the bundle containing the verify-enterprise-contract task                                                          | No       | -                                                         |
| taskGitUrl                      | The url to the git repo where the release-service-catalog tasks to be used are stored                                              | Yes      | https://github.com/konflux-ci/release-service-catalog.git |
| taskGitRevision                 | The revision in the taskGitUrl repo to be used                                                                                     | No       | -                                                         |

## Changes in 4.5.1
* Task `publish-pyxis-repository` should only run after `apply-mapping` has completed as it depends on the `repository`
  value

## Changes in 4.5.0
* Only sign `registry.access*` references if required
  * Task `publish-pyxis-repository` has a new `signRegistryAccessPath` result that is passed
    to tasks `rh-sign-image` and `rh-sign-image-cosign`. It points to a file that contains a list of repositories
    for which we also need to sign `registry.access*` references. We will skip those by default.
  * Some task reordering was required for this:
    * We run `rh-sign-image` before `push-snapshot` because it's less reliable. We want to keep this.
    * `publish-pyxis-repository` was run towards the end, but now it needs to run early on,
      because`rh-sign-image` needs its result.

## Changes in 4.4.0
* Increase timeout for rh-sign-image task to be 6 hrs
* Add new mandatory parameter value for releasePlanAdmissionPath for rh-sign-image task
* Add new parameter values for taskGit* parameters.
* Introduce new optional parameter `enterpriseContractWorkerCount` to increase performance of ec verify task

## Changes in 4.3.2
* Add retries for some tasks

## Changes in 4.3.1
* Increase timeout for signing IRs from 20 to 30 min
  * We got reports from users that they repeatedly see timeouts here

## Changes in 4.3.0
* Add new reduce-snapshot task

## Changes in 4.2.0
* The `push-rpm-manifest-to-pyxis` task is renamed to `push-rpm-data-to-pyxis`

## Changes in 4.1.0
* The `publish-pyxis-repository` now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from the `collect-data` results

## Changes in 4.0.1
* Increase `rh-sign-image` timeout from 600s to 1200s as we have seen reports
  of it timing out while waiting for internalRequests to complete.

## Changes in 4.0.0
* Drop the `enterpriseContractPublicKey` param. The verify task will take the value from the policy.

## Changes in 3.11.0
* Add `requireInternalServices` parameter to the 'verify-access-to-resources' task.

## Changes in 3.10.2
* Increase `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter default value.

## Changes in 3.10.1
* Add `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter.

## Changes in 3.10.0
* Add tasks `collect-cosign-params` and `rh-sign-image-cosign` to sign images by cosign. `rh-sign-image-cosign` is only run if sign.cosignSecretName is set in the data file.

## Changes in 3.9.0
* Removed `verify-access-to-resources` script and replaced it with a task.

## Changes in 3.8.0
* The `rh-sign-image` task no longer receives the `commonTags` parameter
* The `create-pyxis-image` task no longer receives the `commonTags` nor `dataPath` parameter

## Changes in 3.7.0
* The `push-snapshot` task now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from `collect-data` results

## Changes in 3.6.0
* Add the task `update-cr-status` at the end of the pipeline to save all pipeline results

## Changes in 3.5.1
* The when conditions that skipped tasks if the `push-snapshot` result `commonTags` was empty was removed
  * This is due to the migration to the new tag format. A similar when will be readded with RELEASE-932

## Changes in 3.5.0
* The apply-mapping task now gets the dataPath parameter instead of releasePlanAdmissionPath

## Changes in 3.4.0
* `enterpriseContractExtraRuleData` added as a pipeline parameter, which is
  then passed to EC. Allows for easier runtime changes to rule data.

## Changes in 3.3.1
* The RADAS timeout when it fails to receive a response is 5 mins.
  We double the requestTimeout in the rh-sign-image task to allow
  RADAS to retry its request.

## Changes in 3.3.0
* Add new task `push-rpm-manifests-to-pyxis` to run after `create-pyxis-image`

## Changes in 3.2.0
* Update the taskGitUrl default value due to migration
  to konflux-ci GitHub org

## Changes in 3.1.2
* Added `when` clause to `push-snapshot` task in the pipeline
  to ensure it only executes when the `apply-mapping` task
  indicates that mapping was successful.

## Changes in 3.1.1
* Added a `when` clause to the following tasks
  `rh-sign-image`,
  `create-pyxis-image`
  `collect-pyxis-params` and
  `run-file-updates`
  to ensure they only execute when the `push-snapshot`
  task result indicates that `commonTags` is not an empty string

## Changes in 3.1.0
* Remove push-sbom-to-pyxis. It has been replaced by manifest-box.

## Changes in 3.0.0
* releaseServiceConfig added as a pipeline parameter that is passed to the collect-data task

## Changes in 2.0.0
* Parameters supplied by the Release Service operator now use camelCase format

## Changes in 1.9.0
* Modified the pipeline to dynamically source the `data.json`, `snapshot_spec.json` and
  `release_plan_admission.json` files from the results of the `collect-data` task.

## Changes in 1.8.1
* Tasks that interact with InternalRequests now have a pipelineRunUid parameter added to them to help with cleanup

## Changes in 1.8.0
* taskGitRevision no longer has a default. It will be provided by the operator and will always have the same value as
  the git revision in the PipelineRef definition of the PipelineRun if using a git resolver. See RHTAPREL-790 for details

## Changes in 1.7.0
* taskGitUrl parameter is added. It is used to provide the git repo for the release-service-catalog tasks
* taskGitRevision parameter is added. It is used to provide the revision to be used in the taskGitUrl repo

## Changes in 1.6.0
* The publish-pyxis-repository task now has a dataPath parameter. It is used to set
  source_container_image_enabled if `pushSourceContainer` is present in the data `images` key
  and set to true

## Changes in 1.4.2
* Move from commonTag to commonTags
  * The result of push-snapshot was renamed to commonTags and now it contains both the fixed and floating
    tags, e.g. tagprefix-timestamp and tagprefix. The consuming tasks (rh-sign-image and create-pyxis-image)
    were also modified to take advantage of this

## Changes in 1.4.0
* The parameter `pushSourceContainer` in the `push-snapshot` task
  was not added correctly in the previous version, the new version
  fixes the issue.

## Changes in 1.3.0
* add parameter `pushSourceContainer` to `push-snapshot`, this will
  enable push of the source container image and fail the pipeline if the
  image is not available.

## Changes in 1.2.0
* Set rhPush and commonTag when calling create-pyxis-image task
* Add publish-pyxis-repository task

## Changes in 1.1.1
* Add tasks extract-requester-from-release and rh-sign-image so the pipeline can sign
  component images using the requester username

## Changes in 1.1.0
* Pass path to ReleasePlanAdmission to the apply-mapping task

## Changes in 1.0.0
* Switch back to using bundle resolvers for the verify-enterprise-contract task

## Changes in 0.1.0
* Removed tagPrefix, timestampFormat, tag, addGitShaTag, addSourceShaTag, addTimestampTag parameters
  * These are now provided in the data json that is collected in the collect-data task
