pipelines/managed/rhtap-service-push/README.md, before:

# RHTAP Service Push to External Registry Pipeline

* Tekton pipeline based on "push-to-external-registry".
* In addition, it creates a GH pull request in infra-deployments.
  * The parameter in data.infra-deployment-update-script within the ReleasePlanAdmission CR is used to optionally specify a script that can alter files before a PR is created.

## Parameters

| Name                     | Description                                                                             | Optional | Default value |
|--------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------|
| release                  | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the Release custom resource initiating this pipeline execution | No | -    |
| releasePlan              | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlan                                 | No       | -             |
| releasePlanAdmission     | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlanAdmission                        | No       | -             |
| releaseServiceConfig     | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releaseServiceConfig                        | No       | -             |
| snapshot                 | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the snapshot                                    | No       | -             |
| enterpriseContractPolicy | JSON representation of the policy to be applied when validating the enterprise contract | No       | -             |
| enterpriseContractExtraRuleData | Extra rule data to be merged into the policy specified in params.enterpriseContractPolicy. Use syntax "key1=value1,key2=value2..." | Yes | pipeline_intention=release |
| enterpriseContractTimeout       | Timeout setting for `ec validate`                                                | Yes      | 40m0s         |
| postCleanUp              | Cleans up workspace after finishing executing the pipeline                              | Yes      | true          |
| verify_ec_task_bundle    | The location of the bundle containing the verify-enterprise-contract task               | No       | -             |
| taskGitUrl               | The url to the git repo where the release-service-catalog tasks to be used are stored   | Yes      | https://github.com/konflux-ci/release-service-catalog.git |
| taskGitRevision          | The revision in the taskGitUrl repo to be used                                          | No       | -             |

## Changes in 4.3.0
* Add the `check-data-keys` task to validate the `data.json` file using the JSON schema.

## Changes in 4.2.1
* new mandatory parameter `dataPath` added to `create-pyxis-image` task

## Changes in 4.2.0
* Add new reduce-snapshot task

## Changes in 4.1.0
* The `push-rpm-manifest-to-pyxis` task is renamed to `push-rpm-data-to-pyxis`

## Changes in 4.0.0
* Drop the `enterpriseContractPublicKey` param. The verify task will take the value from the policy.

## Changes in 3.12.0
* Add `requireInternalServices` parameter to the 'verify-access-to-resources' task.

## Changes in 3.11.2
* Increase `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter default value.

## Changes in 3.11.1
* Add `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter.

## Changes in 3.11.0
* Updated the image passed to the `infra-deployments-pr` task

## Changes in 3.10.0
* Removed `verify-access-to-resources` script and replaced it with a task.

## Changes in 3.9.0
* The `create-pyxis-image` task no longer receives the `dataPath` parameter

## Changes in 3.8.0
* The `push-snapshot` task now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from `collect-data` results

## Changes in 3.7.0
* Add the task `update-cr-status` at the end of the pipeline to save all pipeline results

## Changes in 3.6.0
* Updated the image passed to the infra-deployments-pr task to reflect release-service-utils migrating to
  the konflux-ci quay organization

## Changes in 3.5.0
* The apply-mapping task now gets the dataPath parameter instead of releasePlanAdmissionPath

## Changes in 3.4.0
* `enterpriseContractExtraRuleData` added as a pipeline parameter, which is
  then passed to EC. Allows for easier runtime changes to rule data.

## Changes in 3.3.0
* Add new task `push-rpm-manifests-to-pyxis` to run after `create-pyxis-image`

## Changes in 3.2.0
* update the taskGitUrl default value due to migration
  to konflux-ci GitHub org

## Changes in 3.1.1
* Added `when` clause to
  `push-snapshot`,
  `collect-pyxis-params` and
  `create-pyxis-image`
  to ensure they only execute when the `apply-mapping`
  task indicates that mapping was successful.

## Changes in 3.1.0
* Remove push-sbom-to-pyxis. It has been replaced by manifest-box.

## Changes in 3.0.1
* releaseServiceConfig was not passed to the collect-data task - now it is

## Changes in 3.0.0
* releaseServiceConfig added as a pipeline parameter that is passed to the collect-data task

## Changes in 2.0.0
* Parameters supplied by the Release Service operator now use camelCase format

## Changes in 1.5.0
* Modified the pipeline to dynamically source the `data.json`, `snapshot_spec.json` and
  `release_plan_admission.json` files from the results of the `collect-data` task.

## Changes in 1.4.1
* The cleanup-workspace task now receives a pipelineRunUid parameter to cleanup InternalRequests

## Changes in 1.4.0
* taskGitRevision no longer has a default. It will be provided by the operator and will always have the same value as
  the git revision in the PipelineRef definition of the PipelineRun if using a git resolver. See RHTAPREL-790 for details

## Changes in 1.3.1
* `send-slack-notification` task is only called if slack notification secret is set in data file
  * the taskrun would fail to start with an empty `secretName` parameter

## Changes in 1.3.0
* taskGitUrl parameter is added. It is used to provide the git repo for the release-service-catalog tasks
* taskGitRevision parameter is added. It is used to provide the revision to be used in the taskGitUrl repo

## Changes in 1.1.0
* Updated hacbs-release/release-utils image to reference redhat-appstudio/release-service-utils image instead

## Changes in 1.0.1
* Switch back to using bundle resolvers for the verify-enterprise-contract task

## Changes in 1.0.0
* Added parameter for releasePlanAdmissionPath to apply-mapping as the file is in a subdirectory

## Changes 0.9.0
* Removed tag, addGitShaTag, addSourceShaTag, addTimestampTag parameters
  * These are now provided in the data json that is collected in the collect-data task
* slack-webhook-notification and update-infra-deployments task now accept dataJsonPath instead of
  extraDataJsonPath. This is due to a change in the ReleasePlanAdmission API

## Changes in 0.8.0
* Remove extraConfig parameters as the information is now passed in the RPA data field
* Remove the git clone task
* Fix apply-mapping parameters

## Changes in 0.7.0
* pyxisSecret and pyxisServerType parameters were removed
  * They are now pulled from the data.json created by merging the Release CR data fields
  * This includes adding a new task `collect-pyxis-params` to emit the values as results

## Changes in 0.6.0
* Remove releasestrategy parameter

## Changes in 0.5.0
* Introduce new initial task - verify-access-to-resources
  - protection to verify that service accounts have required permissions to access
    resources before we start a pipeline.
  - If verification does not pass, the pipeline fails

## Changes in 0.4
- update Tekton API to v1
    - includes bumping all tasks to versions that use Tekton API v1

## Changes in 0.3
- correct params for snapshot and extraData json file paths of update-infra-deployments task

## Changes in 0.2
- explicitly set IGNORE_REKOR value to "true" in the verify-enterprise-contract task
- use git resolvers for the verify-enterprise-contract task
    - the verify_ec_task_bundle parameter was placed with verify_ec_task_git_url,
      verify_ec_task_git_revision, and verify_ec_task_git_pathInRepo
- add new enterpriseContractPublicKey parameter

## Changes in 0.1
- use new version of collect-data task with subdirectory parameter
- use PipelineRun UID for subdirectory inside the workspace
    - this will avoid the issue of parallel PipelineRuns overriding each other's data
- also use new version of apply-mapping which overrides the original snapshot_spec file
    - and specify snapshotPath for this task to point to the subdir

Commit message:

refactor(RELEASE-1319): move tasks based on type (#763)
This commit moves all the tasks in this directory. Most of the tasks are
now in tasks/managed. This is for all tasks used directly in a managed
pipeline. There is also tasks/internal for tasks used in
internal-request or internal-pipelinerun pipelines and tasks/collectors
for collector pipeline tasks.

The commit also updates the CI for the tekton unit tests for the new
task locations.

A sym link was created for the internal tasks that were in `tasks` to
their previous locations. This is because the `simple-signing-pipeline`
which calls them is not always called via git resolver, so it is
temporary backwards compatibility.

Finally, the commit modifies the definition of each pipeline as the
pathInRepo value of each task git resolver has to be updated for the new
location. This comes with a version bump.

Signed-off-by: Johnny Bieren <jbieren@redhat.com>

pipelines/managed/rhtap-service-push/README.md, after:

# RHTAP Service Push to External Registry Pipeline

* Tekton pipeline based on "push-to-external-registry".
* In addition, it creates a GH pull request in infra-deployments.
  * The parameter in data.infra-deployment-update-script within the ReleasePlanAdmission CR is used to optionally specify a script that can alter files before a PR is created.

## Parameters

| Name                     | Description                                                                             | Optional | Default value |
|--------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------|
| release                  | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the Release custom resource initiating this pipeline execution | No | -    |
| releasePlan              | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlan                                 | No       | -             |
| releasePlanAdmission     | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releasePlanAdmission                        | No       | -             |
| releaseServiceConfig     | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the releaseServiceConfig                        | No       | -             |
| snapshot                 | The namespaced name (namespace/name) of the snapshot                                    | No       | -             |
| enterpriseContractPolicy | JSON representation of the policy to be applied when validating the enterprise contract | No       | -             |
| enterpriseContractExtraRuleData | Extra rule data to be merged into the policy specified in params.enterpriseContractPolicy. Use syntax "key1=value1,key2=value2..." | Yes | pipeline_intention=release |
| enterpriseContractTimeout       | Timeout setting for `ec validate`                                                | Yes      | 40m0s         |
| postCleanUp              | Cleans up workspace after finishing executing the pipeline                              | Yes      | true          |
| verify_ec_task_bundle    | The location of the bundle containing the verify-enterprise-contract task               | No       | -             |
| taskGitUrl               | The url to the git repo where the release-service-catalog tasks to be used are stored   | Yes      | https://github.com/konflux-ci/release-service-catalog.git |
| taskGitRevision          | The revision in the taskGitUrl repo to be used                                          | No       | -             |

## Changes in 4.4.0
* Update all task pathInRepo values as they are now in `tasks/managed`

## Changes in 4.3.0
* Add the `check-data-keys` task to validate the `data.json` file using the JSON schema.

## Changes in 4.2.1
* new mandatory parameter `dataPath` added to `create-pyxis-image` task

## Changes in 4.2.0
* Add new reduce-snapshot task

## Changes in 4.1.0
* The `push-rpm-manifest-to-pyxis` task is renamed to `push-rpm-data-to-pyxis`

## Changes in 4.0.0
* Drop the `enterpriseContractPublicKey` param. The verify task will take the value from the policy.

## Changes in 3.12.0
* Add `requireInternalServices` parameter to the 'verify-access-to-resources' task.

## Changes in 3.11.2
* Increase `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter default value.

## Changes in 3.11.1
* Add `enterpriseContractTimeout` parameter.

## Changes in 3.11.0
* Updated the image passed to the `infra-deployments-pr` task

## Changes in 3.10.0
* Removed `verify-access-to-resources` script and replaced it with a task.

## Changes in 3.9.0
* The `create-pyxis-image` task no longer receives the `dataPath` parameter

## Changes in 3.8.0
* The `push-snapshot` task now gets the `resultsDirPath` parameter from `collect-data` results

## Changes in 3.7.0
* Add the task `update-cr-status` at the end of the pipeline to save all pipeline results

## Changes in 3.6.0
* Updated the image passed to the infra-deployments-pr task to reflect release-service-utils migrating to
  the konflux-ci quay organization

## Changes in 3.5.0
* The apply-mapping task now gets the dataPath parameter instead of releasePlanAdmissionPath

## Changes in 3.4.0
* `enterpriseContractExtraRuleData` added as a pipeline parameter, which is
  then passed to EC. Allows for easier runtime changes to rule data.

## Changes in 3.3.0
* Add new task `push-rpm-manifests-to-pyxis` to run after `create-pyxis-image`

## Changes in 3.2.0
* update the taskGitUrl default value due to migration
  to konflux-ci GitHub org

## Changes in 3.1.1
* Added `when` clause to
  `push-snapshot`,
  `collect-pyxis-params` and
  `create-pyxis-image`
  to ensure they only execute when the `apply-mapping`
  task indicates that mapping was successful.

## Changes in 3.1.0
* Remove push-sbom-to-pyxis. It has been replaced by manifest-box.

## Changes in 3.0.1
* releaseServiceConfig was not passed to the collect-data task - now it is

## Changes in 3.0.0
* releaseServiceConfig added as a pipeline parameter that is passed to the collect-data task

## Changes in 2.0.0
* Parameters supplied by the Release Service operator now use camelCase format

## Changes in 1.5.0
* Modified the pipeline to dynamically source the `data.json`, `snapshot_spec.json` and
  `release_plan_admission.json` files from the results of the `collect-data` task.

## Changes in 1.4.1
* The cleanup-workspace task now receives a pipelineRunUid parameter to cleanup InternalRequests

## Changes in 1.4.0
* taskGitRevision no longer has a default. It will be provided by the operator and will always have the same value as
  the git revision in the PipelineRef definition of the PipelineRun if using a git resolver. See RHTAPREL-790 for details

## Changes in 1.3.1
* `send-slack-notification` task is only called if slack notification secret is set in data file
  * the taskrun would fail to start with an empty `secretName` parameter

## Changes in 1.3.0
* taskGitUrl parameter is added. It is used to provide the git repo for the release-service-catalog tasks
* taskGitRevision parameter is added. It is used to provide the revision to be used in the taskGitUrl repo

## Changes in 1.1.0
* Updated hacbs-release/release-utils image to reference redhat-appstudio/release-service-utils image instead

## Changes in 1.0.1
* Switch back to using bundle resolvers for the verify-enterprise-contract task

## Changes in 1.0.0
* Added parameter for releasePlanAdmissionPath to apply-mapping as the file is in a subdirectory

## Changes 0.9.0
* Removed tag, addGitShaTag, addSourceShaTag, addTimestampTag parameters
  * These are now provided in the data json that is collected in the collect-data task
* slack-webhook-notification and update-infra-deployments task now accept dataJsonPath instead of
  extraDataJsonPath. This is due to a change in the ReleasePlanAdmission API

## Changes in 0.8.0
* Remove extraConfig parameters as the information is now passed in the RPA data field
* Remove the git clone task
* Fix apply-mapping parameters

## Changes in 0.7.0
* pyxisSecret and pyxisServerType parameters were removed
  * They are now pulled from the data.json created by merging the Release CR data fields
  * This includes adding a new task `collect-pyxis-params` to emit the values as results

## Changes in 0.6.0
* Remove releasestrategy parameter

## Changes in 0.5.0
* Introduce new initial task - verify-access-to-resources
  - protection to verify that service accounts have required permissions to access
    resources before we start a pipeline.
  - If verification does not pass, the pipeline fails

## Changes in 0.4
- update Tekton API to v1
    - includes bumping all tasks to versions that use Tekton API v1

## Changes in 0.3
- correct params for snapshot and extraData json file paths of update-infra-deployments task

## Changes in 0.2
- explicitly set IGNORE_REKOR value to "true" in the verify-enterprise-contract task
- use git resolvers for the verify-enterprise-contract task
    - the verify_ec_task_bundle parameter was placed with verify_ec_task_git_url,
      verify_ec_task_git_revision, and verify_ec_task_git_pathInRepo
- add new enterpriseContractPublicKey parameter

## Changes in 0.1
- use new version of collect-data task with subdirectory parameter
- use PipelineRun UID for subdirectory inside the workspace
    - this will avoid the issue of parallel PipelineRuns overriding each other's data
- also use new version of apply-mapping which overrides the original snapshot_spec file
    - and specify snapshotPath for this task to point to the subdir
