internal/tasks/process-file-updates-task/README.md, before:

# process-file-updates-task

Tekton Task to update files in Git repositories. It is possible to seed a file with initial content and/or apply
replacements to a yaml file that already exists. It will attempt to create a Merge Request in Gitlab.

## Parameters

| Name                | Description                                                                                                                                                                              | Optional | Default value                              |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|--------------------------------------------|
| upstream_repo       | Upstream Git repository                                                                                                                                                                  | No       | -                                          |
| repo                | Git repository                                                                                                                                                                           | No       | -                                          |
| ref                 | Git branch                                                                                                                                                                               | No       | -                                          |
| paths               | String containing a JSON array of file paths and its updates and/or replacements E.g. '[{"path":"file1.yaml","replacements":[{"key":".yamlkey1,","replacement":"\|regex\|replace\|"}]}]' | No       | -                                          |
| application         | Application being released                                                                                                                                                               | No       | -                                          |
| file_updates_secret | The credentials used to update the git repo                                                                                                                                              | Yes      | file-updates-secret                        |
| tempDir             | temp dir for cloning and updates                                                                                                                                                         | Yes      | /tmp/$(context.taskRun.uid)/file-updates   |

Commit message:

fix(RELEASE-1304): invalid result value (#704)
It turns out Tekton only supports passing task results as pipeline
results, so we need to pass the PLR name to the task first and then
emit it from the task.

Signed-off-by: Martin Malina <mmalina@redhat.com>

internal/tasks/process-file-updates-task/README.md, after:

# process-file-updates-task

Tekton Task to update files in Git repositories. It is possible to seed a file with initial content and/or apply
replacements to a yaml file that already exists. It will attempt to create a Merge Request in Gitlab.

## Parameters

| Name                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                              | Optional | Default value                            |
| ------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| upstream_repo                  | Upstream Git repository                                                                                                                                                                  | No       | -                                        |
| repo                           | Git repository                                                                                                                                                                           | No       | -                                        |
| ref                            | Git branch                                                                                                                                                                               | No       | -                                        |
| paths                          | String containing a JSON array of file paths and its updates and/or replacements E.g. '[{"path":"file1.yaml","replacements":[{"key":".yamlkey1,","replacement":"\|regex\|replace\|"}]}]' | No       | -                                        |
| application                    | Application being released                                                                                                                                                               | No       | -                                        |
| file_updates_secret            | The credentials used to update the git repo                                                                                                                                              | Yes      | file-updates-secret                      |
| tempDir                        | temp dir for cloning and updates                                                                                                                                                         | Yes      | /tmp/$(context.taskRun.uid)/file-updates |
| internalRequestPipelineRunName | name of the PipelineRun that called this task                                                                                                                                            | No       | -                                        |

## Changes in 0.0.2
* add new `internalRequestPipelineRunName` parameter and result
  - Tekton only supports passing task results as pipeline results,
    so we need to pass the PLR name to the task first and then emit it from the task
