tasks/add-fbc-contribution/README.md, before:

# add-fbc-contribution

Task to create a internalrequest to add fbc contributions to index images

## Parameters

| Name           | Description                                                                               | Optional | Default value        |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------------------|
| snapshotPath   | Path to the JSON string of the mapped Snapshot spec in the data workspace                 | No       | -                    |
| dataPath       | Path to the JSON string of the merged data to use in the data workspace                   | No       | -                    |
| fromIndex      | fromIndex value updated by update-ocp-tag task                                            | No       | -                    |
| pipelineRunUid | The uid of the current pipelineRun. Used as a label value when creating internal requests | No       | -                    |
| targetIndex    | targetIndex value updated by update-ocp-tag task                                          | No       | -                    |
| resultsDirPath | Path to results directory in the data workspace                                           | No       | -                    |

## Changes in 3.4.1
* Removed references to data parameters `iibServiceConfigSecret` and `iibOverwriteFromIndexCredential` as
  they should not be changed by users.

## Changes in 3.4.0
* Removed the `binaryImage` parameter so IIB can auto resolve it

## Changes in 3.3.1
* Removed references of the redundant field `fbc.request` as FBC releases uses `iib` exclusively as its internal request pipeline

## Changes in 3.3.0
* Added a new result `isFbcOptIn` to expose the FBC opt-in status

## Changes in 3.2.2
* Fixing checkton/shellcheck linting issues in the task and test

## Changes in 3.2.1
* The InternalRequest will no longer fail, so success/failure check is found from a result on the internal pipelineRun
* The last 2,000 characters of the IIB log is printed

## Changes in 3.2.0
* Changed the way service account secret is determined
  * Setting `.fbc.iibServiceAccountSecret` is no longer allowed (it was never used anyway). Instead, it's based on the stagedIndex setting now.
  * If `.fbc.stagedIndex` is `true`, we'll use `iib-service-account-stage`.
    Otherwise we'll use `iib-service-account-prod`.
  * The reason is that IIB has a priority queue for requests made with our prod
    kerberos principal and we were asked to use it only for prod index requests.

## Changes in 3.1.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 3.0.0
* The task now writes the updated targetIndex to a results json file in the workspace

## Changes in 2.5.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 2.4.0
* Remove default values of `dataPath` and `snapshotPath` parameters

## Changes in 2.3.2
* Add check to fail the task if `fbc.preGA` and `fbc.hotfix` were both set in the `ReleasePlanAdmission` data and
  test for the failing scenario

## Changes in 2.3.1
* Fix the error message for the empty value of `issueId`, `productName` and `productVersion`
  with the old format, the backticks caused the string inside (e.g. fbc.issueId) to be executed as a command

## Changes in 2.3.0
* Add new result called `indexImageDigests`

## Changes in 2.2.0
* Remove requestTimeout parameter and use values defined in RP/RPA
* default build and request timeouts are now 1500 seconds

## Changes in 2.1.0
* Add the parameter `targetIndex` to receive the `updated-targetIndex` result from
  the task `update-ocp-tag` as input

## Changes in 2.0.0
* The internalrequest CR is created with a label specifying the pipelinerun uid with the new pipelineRunUid parameter
  * This change comes with a bump in the image used for the task

## Changes in 1.5.0
* Add the result `buildTimestamp` to be used in the downstream tasks

## Changes in 1.4.0
* Add the possibility of setting a stagedIndex tag

## Changes in 1.3.0
* Add the possibility of setting a hotfix tag
* replace the `fbcOptIn` result with `mustSignIndexImage` and `mustPublishIndexImage`
  to control the pipeline flow

## Changes in 1.2.0
* Updated hacbs-release/release-utils image to reference redhat-appstudio/release-service-utils image instead

## Changes in 1.1.0
* Add `requestTargetIndex` result

Commit message:

fix: make it more clear that the user needs to set fbc_opt_in (#621)
Try to print out a more clear and instructive message for the user in
the event that the fbc_opt_in flag is not set to true.

Also, move these echo statements to the end of the task, so that they
are the obvious last line(s) of the taskrun log.

Signed-off-by: Ralph Bean <rbean@redhat.com>

tasks/add-fbc-contribution/README.md, after:

# add-fbc-contribution

Task to create a internalrequest to add fbc contributions to index images

## Parameters

| Name           | Description                                                                               | Optional | Default value        |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------------------|
| snapshotPath   | Path to the JSON string of the mapped Snapshot spec in the data workspace                 | No       | -                    |
| dataPath       | Path to the JSON string of the merged data to use in the data workspace                   | No       | -                    |
| fromIndex      | fromIndex value updated by update-ocp-tag task                                            | No       | -                    |
| pipelineRunUid | The uid of the current pipelineRun. Used as a label value when creating internal requests | No       | -                    |
| targetIndex    | targetIndex value updated by update-ocp-tag task                                          | No       | -                    |
| resultsDirPath | Path to results directory in the data workspace                                           | No       | -                    |

## Changes in 3.4.2
* Improve clarity of log statements when fbc_opt_in is not set to True.

## Changes in 3.4.1
* Removed references to data parameters `iibServiceConfigSecret` and `iibOverwriteFromIndexCredential` as
  they should not be changed by users.

## Changes in 3.4.0
* Removed the `binaryImage` parameter so IIB can auto resolve it

## Changes in 3.3.1
* Removed references of the redundant field `fbc.request` as FBC releases uses `iib` exclusively as its internal request pipeline

## Changes in 3.3.0
* Added a new result `isFbcOptIn` to expose the FBC opt-in status

## Changes in 3.2.2
* Fixing checkton/shellcheck linting issues in the task and test

## Changes in 3.2.1
* The InternalRequest will no longer fail, so success/failure check is found from a result on the internal pipelineRun
* The last 2,000 characters of the IIB log is printed

## Changes in 3.2.0
* Changed the way service account secret is determined
  * Setting `.fbc.iibServiceAccountSecret` is no longer allowed (it was never used anyway). Instead, it's based on the stagedIndex setting now.
  * If `.fbc.stagedIndex` is `true`, we'll use `iib-service-account-stage`.
    Otherwise we'll use `iib-service-account-prod`.
  * The reason is that IIB has a priority queue for requests made with our prod
    kerberos principal and we were asked to use it only for prod index requests.

## Changes in 3.1.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 3.0.0
* The task now writes the updated targetIndex to a results json file in the workspace

## Changes in 2.5.0
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 2.4.0
* Remove default values of `dataPath` and `snapshotPath` parameters

## Changes in 2.3.2
* Add check to fail the task if `fbc.preGA` and `fbc.hotfix` were both set in the `ReleasePlanAdmission` data and
  test for the failing scenario

## Changes in 2.3.1
* Fix the error message for the empty value of `issueId`, `productName` and `productVersion`
  with the old format, the backticks caused the string inside (e.g. fbc.issueId) to be executed as a command

## Changes in 2.3.0
* Add new result called `indexImageDigests`

## Changes in 2.2.0
* Remove requestTimeout parameter and use values defined in RP/RPA
* default build and request timeouts are now 1500 seconds

## Changes in 2.1.0
* Add the parameter `targetIndex` to receive the `updated-targetIndex` result from
  the task `update-ocp-tag` as input

## Changes in 2.0.0
* The internalrequest CR is created with a label specifying the pipelinerun uid with the new pipelineRunUid parameter
  * This change comes with a bump in the image used for the task

## Changes in 1.5.0
* Add the result `buildTimestamp` to be used in the downstream tasks

## Changes in 1.4.0
* Add the possibility of setting a stagedIndex tag

## Changes in 1.3.0
* Add the possibility of setting a hotfix tag
* replace the `fbcOptIn` result with `mustSignIndexImage` and `mustPublishIndexImage`
  to control the pipeline flow

## Changes in 1.2.0
* Updated hacbs-release/release-utils image to reference redhat-appstudio/release-service-utils image instead

## Changes in 1.1.0
* Add `requestTargetIndex` result
