tasks/push-rpm-data-to-pyxis/README.md, before:

# push-rpm-data-to-pyxis

Tekton task that extracts all rpms from the sboms and pushes them to Pyxis as an RPM Manifest.
In addition, it will also update ContainerImage.content_sets field in Pyxis to include
all repository_id strings found in rpm purl strings in the sboms.

## Parameters

| Name            | Description                                                                                         | Optional | Default value |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------|
| pyxisJsonPath   | Path to the JSON string of the saved Pyxis data in the data workspace                               | No       | -             |
| pyxisSecret     | The kubernetes secret to use to authenticate to Pyxis. It needs to contain two keys: key and cert   | No       | -             |
| server          | The server type to use. Options are 'production','production-internal,'stage-internal' and 'stage'. | Yes      | production    |
| concurrentLimit | The maximum number of images to be processed at once                                                | Yes      | 4             |

## Changes in 1.3.2
* Updated the base image used in this task
  * The new image avoids failing on invalid purl strings

## Changes in 1.3.1
* Avoid "dir already exists" error in case the task is retried in a pipelinerun

## Changes in 1.3.0
* Updated the base image used in this task
  * The new image ignores the `gpg-pubkey` rpm package

## Changes in 1.2.0
* Change SBOM download location to a subdir of the data workspace, so that other tasks can
  access the downloaded SBOMs. A new result `sbomPath` is added to store the path the SBOMs
  are downloaded to.

## Changes in 1.1.0
* Added support for SPDX sbom format
  * If sbom format is SPDX, call `upload_rpm_data`, if it's CycloneDX, call
    `upload_rpm_data_cyclonedx`
  * The image is updated to include the new functionality

## Changes in 1.0.3
* Updated the step image used in this task
  * Added handling for sbom entries that do not explicitly specify the publisher.

## Changes in 1.0.2
* Updated the base image used in this task
  * A typo in `upload_rpm_data.py` was fixed and now we should correctly save
    the gpg field in Pyxis

## Changes in 1.0.1
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 1.0.0
* Renamed task from `push-rpm-manifest-to-pyxis` to `push-rpm-data-to-pyxis`
* Updated the image used in this task
  * The `upload_rpm_manifest` is renamed to `upload_rpm_data` and on top of RPM Manifest,
    it also updates the ContainerImage.content_sets field in Pyxis

## Changes in 0.4.4
* Updated the base image used in this task
  * The new image contains an updated upload_rpm_manifest script that will retry the POST
    request if it fails with error code 504

## Changes in 0.4.3
* Create new docker config for each `cosign download sbom` call
  * It only contains an entry for the specific image
  * This is to fix a bug with partial oci auth matches

## Changes in 0.4.2
* fixed a bug that would treat a multiarch image containing just one arch as a plain single arch image

## Changes in 0.4.1
* updated the base image used in this task
  * the new image contains an updated upload_rpm_manifest script with nvra and summary
    fields populated for each rpm item

## Changes in 0.4.0
* updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 0.3.0
* updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 0.2.1
* enabled verbose logging for the upload_rpm_manifest script

## Changes in 0.2.0
* updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 0.1.2
* add support for production-internal and stage-internal

## Changes in 0.1.1
* multi-arch images are now properly supported

Commit message:

fix(RELEASE-1082): linting issues in push-rpm-manifests-to-pyxis (#745)
Signed-off-by: Johnny Bieren <jbieren@redhat.com>

tasks/push-rpm-data-to-pyxis/README.md, after:

# push-rpm-data-to-pyxis

Tekton task that extracts all rpms from the sboms and pushes them to Pyxis as an RPM Manifest.
In addition, it will also update ContainerImage.content_sets field in Pyxis to include
all repository_id strings found in rpm purl strings in the sboms.

## Parameters

| Name            | Description                                                                                         | Optional | Default value |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------|
| pyxisJsonPath   | Path to the JSON string of the saved Pyxis data in the data workspace                               | No       | -             |
| pyxisSecret     | The kubernetes secret to use to authenticate to Pyxis. It needs to contain two keys: key and cert   | No       | -             |
| server          | The server type to use. Options are 'production','production-internal,'stage-internal' and 'stage'. | Yes      | production    |
| concurrentLimit | The maximum number of images to be processed at once                                                | Yes      | 4             |

## Changes in 1.3.3
* Fix shellcheck/checkton linting issues in the task and tests

## Changes in 1.3.2
* Updated the base image used in this task
  * The new image avoids failing on invalid purl strings

## Changes in 1.3.1
* Avoid "dir already exists" error in case the task is retried in a pipelinerun

## Changes in 1.3.0
* Updated the base image used in this task
  * The new image ignores the `gpg-pubkey` rpm package

## Changes in 1.2.0
* Change SBOM download location to a subdir of the data workspace, so that other tasks can
  access the downloaded SBOMs. A new result `sbomPath` is added to store the path the SBOMs
  are downloaded to.

## Changes in 1.1.0
* Added support for SPDX sbom format
  * If sbom format is SPDX, call `upload_rpm_data`, if it's CycloneDX, call
    `upload_rpm_data_cyclonedx`
  * The image is updated to include the new functionality

## Changes in 1.0.3
* Updated the step image used in this task
  * Added handling for sbom entries that do not explicitly specify the publisher.

## Changes in 1.0.2
* Updated the base image used in this task
  * A typo in `upload_rpm_data.py` was fixed and now we should correctly save
    the gpg field in Pyxis

## Changes in 1.0.1
* Updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 1.0.0
* Renamed task from `push-rpm-manifest-to-pyxis` to `push-rpm-data-to-pyxis`
* Updated the image used in this task
  * The `upload_rpm_manifest` is renamed to `upload_rpm_data` and on top of RPM Manifest,
    it also updates the ContainerImage.content_sets field in Pyxis

## Changes in 0.4.4
* Updated the base image used in this task
  * The new image contains an updated upload_rpm_manifest script that will retry the POST
    request if it fails with error code 504

## Changes in 0.4.3
* Create new docker config for each `cosign download sbom` call
  * It only contains an entry for the specific image
  * This is to fix a bug with partial oci auth matches

## Changes in 0.4.2
* fixed a bug that would treat a multiarch image containing just one arch as a plain single arch image

## Changes in 0.4.1
* updated the base image used in this task
  * the new image contains an updated upload_rpm_manifest script with nvra and summary
    fields populated for each rpm item

## Changes in 0.4.0
* updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 0.3.0
* updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 0.2.1
* enabled verbose logging for the upload_rpm_manifest script

## Changes in 0.2.0
* updated the base image used in this task

## Changes in 0.1.2
* add support for production-internal and stage-internal

## Changes in 0.1.1
* multi-arch images are now properly supported
